I
those situations in which they may also fall into the definition of an ambush
just casually
a fish arrives to catch a glimpse of the presence of the chupa
weapons
I have
youtube.it burger the ambush ask for her appearance answered. use silvio often
1 lead back pack of 6 kilos
worn with two shoulder straps as if it were a backpack
the advantage is to split by ballast because otherwise it will be
concentrates completely around the life of the diver
placed on the back to back linux tends to lower the torso
allowing you to take the most suitable position to be less visible with
the body completely crushed on the po
Marco
the posidonia meadows especially if occasionally interspersed with anthony
dinozzo
constitute a very suitable environment for practicing the star
the fisherman must move just above posidonia
in order to have a good vision
when he sees a fish and you when his intuition suggests that it is possible
interesting the diver sinks completely one proceeds with major
slowness
you ascom charge
in this way if you have moved in the maximum silence it is possible to get to
distance
Bburago
facebook I adore fault we usually practice photo depth
undermining fish that are near life
to cut the escape route a fish should turn towards the coast and
make routes that take us from the lake to the Libya where bangs
most of the fish is in the foam very quickly
so it can be undermined from the bottom upwards by crawling along the boulders
that from the bottom go back to the surface
orkut
we are at sunset and our journey is also about to end
But another snow will snow soon
because this is the magic of underwater fishing
every time we find the sea it's a bit like it's the first time
every catch that is different from all the others and every time the big is repeated
thrill of underwater fishing
there hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
kesha